# Fisher Price CNC

A desktop, 2D CNC machine made from parts salvaged from a
really terrible 3D priner. This repository contains the
phyiscal CAD design of the machine, electrical and electronic
schematics for any custom boards, and any extra code to make it
run (unlikely to be needed but you never know).

More documentation is currently available on the following
Trello board: https://trello.com/b/17SHQEqY/fisher-price-cnc

## Physical designs - OpenSCAD  - `/scad`

The machine is designed with OpenSCAD, a CAD program that does
away with all of this "drawing" nonsense and instead lets you
use a C-ish programming language to do geometry. The upshot
is that you could treat it like any old source file in git, and
you also have a fairly well understood model for including
libraries.

Speaking of libraries, you will need them. Please install the
following to your OpenSCAD libraries folder:

* [NopSCADlib](https://github.com/nophead/NopSCADlib)

### Assembly instructions

The project leverages NopSCADlib's autogenerated assembly instructions and asset generation. The
instructions are in [`ASSEMBLY.md`](ASSEMBLY.md). Note that these might be a bit variable in quality,
please open an issue if something's not clear. I intend on creating more detailed instructions
towards the end of the project.

To regenerate the assembly instructions, STLs, images, and the bill of materials, use `make_all.ps1`.

## Attribution

A number of the parts and a lot of the code for this machine
has been borrowed from other projects. Here's a list:

* Some phyiscal parts have been reused or adapted from the [Prusa i3 MK3s](https://github.com/prusa3d/Original-Prusa-i3/tree/MK3S/Printed-Parts/SCAD) (GPLv3)
